README.md, before:

# Reform.to API

Backend site and API for Reform.to website.

## Installation

Grab the code:

    git clone https://github.com/Reform-to/api.reform.to.git
    git submodule init
    git submodule update

Lithium comes with an `li3` console command that we have to make available. Add
something like the follwoing to your `~/.bash_profile` file:

    PATH=$PATH:/path/to/api.reform.to/libraries/lithium/console

Alternatively, install Lithium as a local library:

Install Lithium:

    git clone https://github.com/UnionOfRAD/lithium.git /usr/local/lib/lithium

Then edit your `~/.bash_profile` file:

    PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/lib/lithium/console

## Setup

Create a new database user:

    CREATE USER 'USER'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'PASSWORD';

Create the database:

    CREATE DATABASE production DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
    GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON production.* TO 'USER'@'localhost';

Rename the connections-sample.php file to connections.php:

    cp app/config/bootstrap/connections-sample.php app/config/bootstrap/connections.php

Edit your new connections.php file, and fill in the access details for your databases and email account.

Run the migrations:

    li3 migrate up

## Testing

In order to do development and run the tests you must also set up a development
database and install SQLite3.

Add this line to the Apache virtual host file:

    SetEnv LITHIUM_ENVIRONMENT "development"

Install SQLite:

    sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
    sudo apt-get install php5-sqlite
    sudo service apache2 restart

Any `li3` commands are run in the production environment by default. To use the
development environment, first run the command:

    export LITHIUM_ENVIRONMENT="development"

Commit message:

Add info about Verifications command

README.md, after:

# Reform.to API

Backend site and API for Reform.to website.

## Installation

Grab the code:

    git clone https://github.com/Reform-to/api.reform.to.git
    git submodule init
    git submodule update

Lithium comes with an `li3` console command that we have to make available. Add
something like the follwoing to your `~/.bash_profile` file:

    PATH=$PATH:/path/to/api.reform.to/libraries/lithium/console

Alternatively, install Lithium as a local library:

Install Lithium:

    git clone https://github.com/UnionOfRAD/lithium.git /usr/local/lib/lithium

Then edit your `~/.bash_profile` file:

    PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/lib/lithium/console

## Setup

Create a new database user:

    CREATE USER 'USER'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'PASSWORD';

Create the database:

    CREATE DATABASE production DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
    GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON production.* TO 'USER'@'localhost';

Rename the connections-sample.php file to connections.php:

    cp app/config/bootstrap/connections-sample.php app/config/bootstrap/connections.php

Edit your new connections.php file, and fill in the access details for your databases and email account.

Run the migrations:

    li3 migrate up

## Commands

From the repository root, you can use the `Verifications` command to check and verify pledges.

Show all pledgs:

    li3 verifications show

Verify a pledge using its ID:

    li3 verifications verify --id=1

Remove verification from a pledge:

    li3 verifications unverify --id=1

Check the verification letter that was sent:

    li3 verifications letter --id=1

## Testing

In order to do development and run the tests you must also set up a development
database and install SQLite3.

Add this line to the Apache virtual host file:

    SetEnv LITHIUM_ENVIRONMENT "development"

Install SQLite:

    sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
    sudo apt-get install php5-sqlite
    sudo service apache2 restart

Any `li3` commands are run in the production environment by default. To use the
development environment, first run the command:

    export LITHIUM_ENVIRONMENT="development"
